My name is Zeibra Lemley and I'm with the
Different Body Two beauty salon and I'm going
to demonstrate how to do basic Cornrows. The
key to a good Cornrow is to make sure that
the rows are even and straight, especially
if you're doing just a straight back Cornrows.
The first step is to slice the hair close
to the ear and you want to make a straight
back parting, close to the ear. You want to
clip off the hair that you're not braiding.
You need to clip it off and get it out of
the way so the hair won't come entangled with
the hair that you're braiding. We're going
to start with the hair closest to the edge.
You're going to divide the hair into three
sections, starting with your, the sections
in your left hand, you're going to bring it
over and grab the section closest to your
right hand with the section in the middle
and you're going to pull it under and pick
up that section in your left hand, and you're
going to do this all the way down. You're
just going to cross over the hair. We're going
to go from right to left, unless you're left
handed, you're going to go from left to right.
You're going to keep the hair close to the
scalp and just continue to cross over until
you have all the hair completely braided in.
But as you go down, you're going to pick up
slices of hair to add on in to each cross
as you go down, all the way down to the nape
of the neck holding the hair close to the
scalp. You're going to pick up the last slice
at the nape of the neck, keeping the hair
close to the scalp, and just continue to braid
all the way down
to the end.